When can concurrence become an issue in service requests?
when there are simultaneous conflicting requests
Why are SOAP APIs difficult to use?
They are less amenable to small changes.
Which API verb creates a new entry?
POST
How should you approach an API or web service for testing purposes?
by thinking of it as a black box
You are exploring the Star Wars API further and want to look for a specific starship named Xanadu. What should you try?
starship?search=Xanadu
What are the basic components of a request in Postman?
a verb and a URL
What is required for a Basic Auth in Postman?
a username and a password
Which operation returns an authorization token upon successful request?
the auth server
What is the core function of authorization?
validating permissions
If you have trouble determining where to generate a bearer token, what should you do?
Ask an application developer.
What should an unauthenticated PUT call return?
404 not found
Which GET call in the Star Wars API returns the data structure for a people entry?
people/schema
How should you determine whether dependent content should be deleted together with the parent content?
by analyzing the business justifications
Why should you not try to automate everything?
It is too time-consuming and inefficient.
What characterizes automation that is workflow-driven?
mimicking user interactions
Why would you create a mock server?
to isolate the real server
What does the future of microservices have in common with the future of smart devices?
distributed computing using APIs
How do hackers exploit APIs in attacks?
through automation
Why would you set the number of iterations in Postman to 10,000?
to see how processing time scales
REST
representation state transfer
SOAP
simple object access protocol approach
Idempotency
action that will always result in the same server state
Safety
the action doesn't have any effect on the state
What Python module can be used to easily interact with an API?
requests
You need to use a username and password in order to authenticate an api call.
FALSE
Which command will show you all the keys available in a Python dictionary?
my_dictionary.keys()
What is a simple way to find out if there are duplicate entries in a Python list?
compare len(list) and len(set(list))
What is the most important thing in effectively testing apis?
Using them and understanding how they work
What are some of the biggest challenges we face when working with data?
Data that is in the wrong format, Missing or incomplete Data, Data formatting and structure
What is a valid way to create a data table in Google Charts?
arrayToDataTable
How can you convert the string "1" to the integer 1 in Python?
int("1")
Creating a service account means that anyone can access your Google spreadsheets.
FALSE
If you wanted to write something to a cell B4 in Google spreadsheet using the gspread library you could use the following command.
update_cell(2,4,Value)
How do we allow gspread to read and write to a spreadsheet?
Add our services email as a user on the spreadsheet.
The Python selenium module will let you run scripts on any major browser?
Yes, If install the correct Drivers
A class name will always be a unique selector when finding an element on a page.
FALSE
You should only use Selenium for regression testing.
FALSE
The following command will allow you to hover over an element.
ActionChains(driver).move_to_element()
What syntax does Python use to replace items in a template?
$variable
A command you can use in Python selenium to select all the text in a field is:
send_keys( Keys.CONTROL + "a")
In order to support another browser, the code changes required in the automation script are _____.
the driver of the browser loaded in the code must be changed to the required browser driver
Which of these is not a layer in Mike Cohn's Test Automation Pyramid?
Integration tests
Why do we need to automate testing?
Makes cross-device and cross-browser testing easy, Ensures regression testing, Decreases cost and time of testing
Why is it important to understand the HTML DOM structure?
To navigate the structure of HTML documents, To create and build documents, To access and manipulate HTML documents
Xpath expressions look very much like the path expressions you use with traditional computer file systems.
TRUE
Which of the following is a characteristic of an 'id' attribute?
Must be unique in the document
Why is it advised to use a relative xpath over an absolute xpath?
Any change in the application structure could invalidate the absolute xpath.
How can drag and drop be performed?
To drag a source element by a specific offset, To drag a source element to a target element
The 'submit' method must be invoked on the submit button of the form only.
FALSE
Why do we need explicit waits?
Explicit waits are used to pause the script until a certain condition has been satisfied.
Why do we need to add waits to asynchronous pages?
When a webpage is loaded asynchronously, some elements take longer than others to load. Waits add a time interval between actions performed by the WebDriver.
BDD is a variation of Extreme Programming (XP).
FALSE
BDD emerged out of the failures of the traditional model of software development.
TRUE
What is a user story?
An informal description of a software feature written from the perspective of an end user.
What are 'concrete examples'?
specific user stories that are detailed and full of context
What are the four problems that Vanguard identified as results of NOT implementing BDD?
Throw Your Problem Over the Wall; Traditional Requirements Practice; Safety Net; Business Priority
BDD is not designed to discover what product to make.
TRUE
What three perspectives are included in the 'Three Amigos' meeting?
Product Owner; Testing or QA; Development
Defining your acceptance criteria in the Gherkin language gives you an executable specification, but is also easily understood by business stakeholders.
TRUE
The 'Three Amigos' meeting should happen at a regular interval, usually once per week.
FALSE
Which of these features is NOT part of Cucumber?
continuous deployment
To execute Cucumber, you must include it within the Gemfile that describes all the necessary Ruby libraries for the application.
TRUE
The Gherkin DSL was designed to be used by what BDD framework?
Cucumber
The scenarios that describe your concrete examples will be found in what type of file?
.feature
For most organizations, when they fully implement BDD they do so over the course of a few weeks.
FALSE
Change tracking systems like GitHub Issues track all changes to a product--both bugs and enhancement requests
TRUE
The reason for using a Change Tracking System like GitHub Issues is that it
allows project management to understand how complete or incomplete the product is, ensures that proposed changes are not lost, encourages decisions regarding specific changes.
retrieves information from a server
get
can create a subordinate resource
post
can replace a resource at a known URL
put
removes a resource
delete
JSON is represented in Python by a dictionary
TRUE
All HTML elements must have a name, id, or class.
FALSE
The HTML DOM structures the web page as a tree
TRUE
The HTML DOM defines the logical structure of documents and the way a document is accessed and manipulated
TRUE
HTML name attribute is unique within a document
FALSE
Using relative XPath is preferred over absolute XPath
TRUE
HTML class attributes are unique within a document
FALSE
Why are Web elements and locators separate concerns?
Page structure could change at any time due to dynamic content, referencing every element directly from root-to-child becomes unwieldy for large pages, Elements might disappear from a page due to code changes or even bugs.
Every element on a page might have a unique locator, but it is not required
TRUE
Testing often requires the tester to identify manually the element to test and its locator
TRUE
CSS selectors can uniquely identify any given element on a web page.
FALSE
Which of the following CSS selectors would select only "div" elements with the class name "parent"?
div.parent
In Selenium tests, an element may exist before it appears
TRUE
In Selenium tests, what type of wait should one use if an element might load slowly, such as an image?
Explicit
In Selenium, how do find_element and find_elements differ?
If no applicable elements are found, find_elements returns an empty list, If multiple applicable elements exist, find_element returns only the first, If no applicable element is found, find_element throws an exception
In pytest-bdd, scenario outlines can usually be replaced by pytest parametrization.
TRUE
A Gherkin Background section will execute before each Scenario
TRUE
GitHub can be used to track issues.
TRUE
Issues can be created in a variety of ways. Give an example of at least three.
created from a repository, an item in a task list, a note in a project
To create a task list, you must preface list items with a:
hyphen and space followed by []
What are three best practices for using GitHub Issues
If just starting, go with the defaults; Encourage search to avoid duplication; Add structure to issue reporting and encourage reporters to be specific
What are two ways you can view a project?
High density table layout, board
When linking a pull request to an issue by using a supported keyword in the pull request's description or in a commit message, the pull request must be on the default branch.
TRUE
You can manually link up to ____ issues to each pull request.
10
You can use ____ and ____ to track work.
labels, milestones
You can use your personal dashboard to find recent activity.  Give two examples of when open issues and pull requests will appear in the recent activity section.
you have opened an issue or pull request, someone has commented on an issue or pull request you opened
You cannot customize notifications and subscriptions.
FALSE
You cannot link an issue to a pull request.
FALSE
